docs(kno-13188): `commercial` and `override_preferences` workflow properties in template editor (#1452)
knocklabs/docs: content/template-editor/variables.mdx

Provides access to serialized properties about the currently executing workflow. The properties available are:

| Variable               | Description                                                              |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `id`                   | The id of the version of the current workflow                            |
| `key`                  | The unique key of the workflow                                           |
| `categories`           | A list of categories set for the workflow                                |
| `commercial`           | Whether the workflow is marked as commercial messaging                   |

> | `override_preferences` | Whether to ignore recipient preferences for a given type of notification |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `override_preferences` | Whether the workflow is configured to ignore recipient preferences and send to all channels |
```
